Previously....
Where's the real
Harry Vanderspeigle?
I don't know.
Dr. Vanderspeigle.
a new doctor has arrived.
- I'm Dr. Ethan.
- I'm glad you know about me.
No one likes to hide.
Stop blaming yourself
for giving up Jay.
He can take care of himself.
He will die.
Cut off my leg.
If it weren't for Asta.
I'd be dead.
They took your ship. didn't they?
So they're on to you.
It's probably Men in Black.
I invited some friends.
They are Sarah and Richard Houston.
- You can watch Max.
- I'd love to.
You didn't have to take it.
The young will know.
Good. When he goes to warn him.
we'll finally get the alien.
Asta! Are you here!
Everyone must die.
It's the normal life cycle
of all beings in the universe.
Some may live longer..
but every organism
has a beginning and an end.
Animals know this.
They live in harmony with the Earth.
as commanded.
The people I kill.
they'd die anyway.
At least I'll kill them
for a good reason.
It's different with people.
They kill because they know.
that they are small. insignificant and weak.
Killing makes them feel powerful.
For a while.
Five months ago
INSULINE DR. SAM HODGES
NO FOR PATIENTS
If a man is smart..
even murder gets away with it.
Of course no being
gets away with anything.
The universe knows what you have done..
even if no one else.
The universe. one way or another.
will restore balance.
People have a term for it.
They call it karma.
::PROJECT HAVEN::
present:.
Resident Alien [1x10].
"Patience's Heroes"
Polish text:
Power. DRIXER. Krauzerek
You said Asta's car was here.
- Are you calling me a liar?
- If the shoe fits...
Don't argue.
We're all worried. D'arce.
It's a bad situation.
I almost had a heart attack
when you started banging on my door at dawn.
I'm sorry that finding the corpse
of my loved one in the freezer
is so inconvenient for you!
It's about human life. dumbass.
Harry is dead.
What's going on here?
I wonder.
why I got out of bed.
It's a good thing you're alive.
That's not possible.
She's worse than your dog.
I didn't have the heart
to wake Cletus.
He was just chasing goats in his sleep.
I'll go get it.
Sorry. Doc.
but D'arcy broke into your basement yesterday
into your basement
and she thinks she saw
you dead in the freezer.
I told her it was probably
some kind of frozen pig.
I'm more handsome than a pig.
Me too. I'm probably
somewhere between a pig and a dolphin.
Dolphins are awesome.
There's just meat there.
- You moved the body.
- Sure.
You look at them.
I'm talking about a corpse. twit.
We know it wasn't him.
but I saw a dead body downstairs.
Why was Asta's car standing there?
We were together
at a medical conference.
You smell like booze.
You need to go now. D'arce.
I'll buy you breakfast.
No!
I know what I saw.
Stop manipulating me.
I'm not a crazy person.
The deputy said.
that it's time to go.
- No!
- Let's go...
Get your fucking hands off me!
Damn...
Help me. deputy!
She's clinging to me!
I'm sorry I have to kill everyone
and get out of here.
The spring is coming.
Don't tug on my hair!
- Let go of his hair!
- Take....
D'arcy. leave the chair.
- Yes.
- Here you go!
- You spitting....
- Quite nice here.
I'll show you what handcuffs are for!
Come on. let's go!
I gotta hand it to you.
you fight like a pack of pitbulls.
Come on! Hit me!
I know you want it. Sheriff!
- Come on!
- Don't struggle!
It's gonna be okay.
I'll take your car.
Get in the car!
Sorry about that. Doc.
I am incredibly pissed off
by this intrusion!
"I will read you your rights.".
Well. now what?
That's the problem!
Good already. good!.
Turn it on. I need to see this.
She stole it.
I knew.
She's the guy in black
with a purple skirt.
Harry needs to be warned.
I said he would lead us.
What's the matter?
I'm worried about you.
You are grossly exaggerating.
You already took me out of jail.
Am I overreacting? Oh. great.
I woke up to hundreds of text messages
and a recording in the mail.
where you scream: "He's dead!
I already know what happened.
You and Harry killed the guy.
It happens. but I'll help you.
We'll drive my car to Canada.
I have a friend from Juneau there.
I have a safe deposit box there.
A thousand bucks is all we need.
Well. and three passports.
That's a lot to digest.
But I didn't kill anyone.
Are you sure?
I would remember.
Bright.
So the sheriff was right.
I'm crazy.
- To fall so low...
- D'arcy. what have you done?
I broke into Harry's last night.
where I saw a freezer full of meat
and I took it for a dead body.
- D'arce. how much did you drink?
- Almost nothing.
I ate some marijuana
and a tablet I found on the sofa.
Come on!
It's obvious that you're keeping
some big secret.
You're my best friend.
I have no secrets from you.
- You're lying.
- No.
- Yes.
It goes to know you. Remember?
You start hugging all of a sudden.
This is not true.
D'arce. come on.
- Thanks for the bail. I gotta go.
- D'arcy...
Christ...
Slow down. You're too close.
It was like I was riding with my grandmother.
Go to the back. Grandma.
and knit me a sweater.
Great. you distracted me
and now we're losing the bastard.
Christ. Are you okay?
Please be careful with your words.
You owe me a hundred for the bike.
Nothing happened to him.
I'm happy to wait for the police.
Pay the kid.
You made me hit her.
Quick!
We lost it.
My pleasure.
- It took you a long time.
- That's a hundred!
My device
is fully charged.
A single press
and the countdown begins.
And about an hour and a half later.
Eight billion people
will cease to exist.
Then I will accomplish a mission that will forever
will change the course of the history of the universe.
Do you dream of pizza?
Mommy's Pizzeria Now Open
in downtown Patience!
I can't kill all Earthlings
with an empty belly.
Jay works here?
I gave her a part-time job.
Dad. that's rather a bad idea.
You have an alien friend.
and this is a bad idea?
Here he comes. Get lost!
- I see you have a new job.
- Yeah. It's the first day.
Cool.
D'arcy told me
what happened upstairs.
I want to make sure you didn't lose
any fingers or anything.
No.
They are in place!
If you'd like to talk...
about anything. I'll listen to you.
Should I talk to you about you?
- We could...
- No.
Sure.
I'll get back to work now.
Sure. It was good to see you.
- Hi.
- Good.
Good morning. Miss Twelvetrees.
Treat yourself.
I know you know.
And I know that you know.
Does she know?
"She" has a name.
And she knows.
She knows a lot.
We have a problem.
The government is on his trail.
They know that I know who he is.
What to do from where?
Because it's the government!
Please don't be naive.
- Excuse me?
- Excuse me.
Sometimes I talk to adults
as if they were my peers.
because I'm mature for my age.
I'm working on it.
I hid a camera in my room.
They searched my house.
They've returned to their base
and now they're looking for him.
How do you know where they have a base?
We have our ways.
Where is my phone?
I learned from the squirrels.
that when you fill your stomach.
You should take out
as much food as you can.
Thanks to that pile of pizzas.
I can kill everyone
and I'll have enough for many more days.
Now. with a belly bursting
like a garbage bag.
nothing is stopping me
from completing the mission.
I will test it first.
All right.
If anything. I'll be on the treadmill.
Thank you for helping Max
with his homework.
No problem.
I want to be a teacher.
when I get old like you.
I'm not old.
I'm young. okay?
Life doesn't spare me.
You have to live with it.
That's what life is all about.
It's beautiful.
That doesn't make sense.
According to this. the phone is here.
You're tracking the wrong one.
Set up your mom's phone.
This is hers.
It can't be.
I put it under the camper.
Close the front door.
I'll take care of the back.
Fear not.
We need your help.
I'm not giving you the hundred.
My device uses the energy of the Earth.
to send a pulse across the globe.
that will kill all the people.
I can also direct him
to a specific place
and get rid of this body.
Will it hurt?
Is it you again?
You're stalling.
You're afraid to kill them.
Not true.
My race does not feel fear.
Yes. but you're not
one of them anymore.
You have been touched by humanity.
I will not listen to this!
I was going to die of old age with Isabelle.
I even bought a plot of land up north
New York under the most beautiful maple tree.
We were supposed to be together forever.
Do you miss her?
I miss a lot of things.
Behind the five senses.
for driving around aimlessly.
for a taco.
- But I loved Isabelle.
- How do you know?
How do I know that I loved my wife?
How does it feel?
You feel alive.
Like everything you've ever felt.
Joy and anger in the heart
wrapped...
hoping.
The hope that all will be well.
Love makes you...
makes you feel connected to everything.
It's like you're dazed or swimming.
I loved her. too.
You're an asshole.
You don't even know her!
I know.
When she left...
I felt like my heart was sinking.
It's a rejection.
Not love.
Then why the other feelings?
I felt hope.
A bond with everyone
and all.
I used to feel them too.
You took them away from me.
Sorry.
You didn't take Isabelle from me.
You took me away from her when you killed me.
He needs me.
Stop doing that with your eyes.
When you killed me. you also killed her.
- No.
- Yes!
He cries every day.
Not true!
- You broke her heart!
- Stop it! Stop it!
Harry. where are you?
Call me when you've listened.
We need to talk.
How are you. Asta?
I have to leave early. You okay?
Sure. We got a little traffic.
I'll stand guard.
Thank you.
Asta. can you help me?
I need that rigid foot.
- Really?
- Yes.
I found a shoe
and I need to see if it fits.
We may have another murderer.
So in the end
will look like the other one?
Where did you find this shoe?
On the shore near
Dr. Vanderspeigle's cabin.
Where's the real
Harry Vanderspeigle?
I don't know.
I broke into Harry's yesterday.
where I saw a freezer full of meat.
and I took it for a dead body.
This is terrible news.
but we're gonna find out who did it.
Promise.
He has headphones in his ears.
He can't hear anything.
I can shout out the songs.
He'll be here in two seconds!
You don't want to know
what happens to her when you do.
- Tell me. you little punks.
where the alien is. - Why should I?
Because he came
to kill everyone.
If you think I'm afraid
to kill everyone. then you're stupid!
I can push the button
at any time.
If you agree with me.
that I'm right and you're wrong.
then be dead and say nothing.
So cool.
So we agree.
Farewell. one man
in this room.
It's impossible.
This energy does not work for my race.
Was he right?
I'm not my own race anymore?
This means.
that by running the device.
I'll die too.
What are you doing here?
Nothing.
I make up nicknames for everyone
who come in here.
Would you like to sit down. Mr. Shorty?
Great. that means I have to throw them out.
We sat on this bench
during physics truancy.
Right.
When it was.
Are you all right?
I remember being
so happy.
It was right before
I left for Stratton.
I felt like I was about to start living.
You always seem happy.
That's what I like about you.
Everyone likes it.
But I'm not happy.
- Aren't you?
- Are you?
No.
I never really was.
I had the opportunity. but...
didn't work out.
I broke my leg and that was it.
You can be happy.
I'll play a game with you to make up nicknames.
and yours is Miss...
Amazing.
It can be.
You suck at this game.
But it's true. You've been through a lot.
Shut up.
I'm not amazing.
I feel like I haven't accomplished anything.
I wish...
have some meaning.
be important to someone.
I'm bullshitting.
Not true. you are important.
You are smart and funny.
I wish I could be like you.
I'm afraid of practically everything.
When I look at you...
You are not afraid of anything.
It makes me less afraid.
You make me feel better.
- What are you doing?
- I'm sorry.
- I'm married. D'arcy.
Christ.
I'm sorry. I was thinking...
- All right. I gotta go.
- Yeah. sure.
You have to go.
Fuck!
Max. you have to trust me.
He wants to kill everyone.
Tell me who he is.
He doesn't want to kill anyone.
His ship is like an amulet
of the people of Quimbaya.
Max. he wants to kill everyone.
That's not true. He'll listen to me!
What are you doing in my house?
Sarah. what's going on here?
Hi. Love.
Good evening. dearest.
Everything's fine at work.
What's for dinner?
Divorce? Great.
Doors locked? Weird.
Take what you want.
Don't make me use it.
- Christ.
- Don't hurt the children.
Mike. you have to help me.
Some people are in my house.
They threaten my family with guns.
What? Okay. look.
Don't move and don't go inside.
We'll be there in five minutes.
We don't have five minutes.
Don't go inside.
We'll be right there.
Deputy!
Fuck!
Holy shit.
Help.
Let me out of here!
If you touch my baby.
I'll kill you!
Who is it?
Why does he wear a white coat?
Okay. let me tell you.
I swear to God!
Stay away
from my baby!
We have his identity.
Let's get together.
<Don't give up. Max!
- Calm down. that's not what we do.
We do what I say.
Get on the ground!
You guys are like Daredevil
and Black Widow.
Thank you for saving my life.
We have to go.
These situations
don't usually end well.
It could have been worse.
I don't approve.
when civilians take matters into their own hands.
but you've put on quite a
...heroic performance.
We're a good team.
Yes.
You have blood on your shoes.
I will never wash them.
I'm not going to either.
Well. no.
Too much language.
Do you want to shove them down each other's throats?
You guys are disgusting.
You have an upstairs bedroom.
Let me.
How about the newspaper?
Do you want me to add anything?
Asta is my mother.
Yes. and Sheriff Mike is my father.
Holy crap.
You are that child.
No wonder
you didn't know.
She kept it a secret.
Facts.
I don't know what to do.
She is my mother.
and I don't even know
how to behave in front of her.
Not to mention my father.
Well. yeah. Jimmy.
It's twisted.
What am I supposed to say
to someone like that?
I will meet with him.
I can't talk to Asta
or my parents.
I shouldn't even be talking to you.
but I feel like I'm losing my mind
and I need to talk to someone.
You can talk to me.
I can't live here like this.
I can't...
You can't get away from it.
And you are not alone.
I can help you.
Get free onion rings?
That's part of the plan.
Bright.
You killed Harry Vanderspeigle.
No. I didn't.
Don't lie to me.
Okay. I killed him.
but he started it.
Do you have any idea what you've done?
You can't just murder someone.
It doesn't work that way.
People kill themselves all the time.
Someone killed Sam Hodges...
Yeah. and you saw
how it came out of me.
on all of us.
and you did the same.
No.
Goodbye. It's over.
- Adios.
- Don't say that.
- Wait. wait. wait.
- What? What?
Everything's gonna be okay.
Like in that song.
"Child. it will still be simpler."
- Don't...
- Don't touch me!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
You can't leave me.
Don't tell me what I can.
and what I can't.
You're starting to fuck
like a typical Earth man.
Don't go. It hurts!
That's you.
It's because of you that I can feel
joy and rage.
Do you want the rage?
Go back to your planet. Harry.
Whoever you are.
whatever you are.
I never want to see you again.
- We are friends.
- I'm not friends with people...
I mean... not with people.
I don't know what you are.
But I know what you are not.
You are not my friend.
I thought...
you were my friend.
I don't like it.
I don't like this place anymore.
Detonation in 90 minutes...
I'm guessing
that you're my father.
Yes.
If you ever
touch Asta again. I will kill you.
Are you better?
D'Arcy. what are you...
D'arcy. no!
Bitch...
Attention: get out of the way!
Yes. I feel better.
Me too.
We should go now.
Miss Twelvetrees?
This is Max Hawthorne.
You have to help me.
Harry wants to kill everyone.
I think I know where he's going.
Sorry.
Are you the city doctor?
Yes.
A nasty wound...
Urban Physician.
The kid was right.
He's a good-looking alien.
Just be careful. We don't know
what this monster is capable of.
Move. move. move. Let's go.
What is this all about?
I knew you were real.
I delivered an alien to you.
I can finally be done with her.
I'm sorry. but this woman is...
a crazy nutcase.
I completely agree.
Shut up!
Are you guys in black?
Come on. That's not their name.
You've seen a lot of movies.
If I wanted their help.
I'd ask my superiors.
And then we wouldn't have an alien. right?
What kind of us?
It's more complicated
than you think.
Too bad you won't be able to see
how it's gonna play out.
Get rid of it.
I told you.
I have other orders.
I'll kill you later.
I don't understand it.
First Sam. then this pair
of travelers terrorizing people.
Don't get me wrong.
I like chaos.
Very.
Maybe even a little too much.
Yes. it is quite disturbing.
Don't forget the foot
with a matching shoe.
But is all this really
just a coincidence?
- I don't believe in coincidences.
- Neither do I.
Both the shoe and the foot were found
in the same place.
right next door to Dr. Vanderspeigle's house.
You mean the shoe.
the foot and the door handle.
It certainly didn't come
from any houseboat.
Looks like we have
a new prime suspect.
We will visit Dr. Vanderspeigle tomorrow
and we'll find out
if he has anything to add.
What is it?
O... my... God.
- Is that Nespresso?
- It's nothing.
I bought it for the office.
It was on sale.
You bought me a capsule machine.
What are you doing?
I bought it for everyone.
- What are you doing?
- No.
You bought it for me
and you agree with my instincts.
Yes. you have a decent instinct.
But he is for everyone.
Not just for you.
What are you doing?
You bought it for me.
You in the car!
Show your hands!
Detonation in 17 minutes...
I have no choice now.
since my device will destroy me.
I will fly away from here and abandon the device
on this beautiful planet.
to complete the mission.
that I started.
Detonation in 12 minutes...
Split up!
Harry!
There are more of them here!
Freeze! Don't move!
Well. no.
I forgot about the pizzas.
Maybe I can come back and take them.
I will take them on my way into space.
I can't because of this stupid mission.
I'm so hungry.
They look like black ants.
Where is your queen?
Come on.
On your knees.
Harry!
Run. Max! Get down!
Harry...
I know why you are here.
- Please don't do this.
- I have to.
- That's what I came here for.
- I don't care.
You are not the same.
You've changed
since you came here.
since you killed that man.
I've seen it.
I've seen it now.
You could have flown away.
but you stayed to help us.
- You've changed.
- No.
My mission is to kill everyone.
If you kill everyone.
you'll kill me too.
You're right. I have changed. but...
Here's my friend.
Are we friends?
Yes.
We are friends.
Does that mean you'll fly
to my planet with me
and together we will kill
all the Earthlings?
What No.
I'm staying here.
In that case.
I won't kill everyone.
That's a good thing.
I'm gonna miss you
miss you. my friend.
You too. my friend.
I should get rid of
this device.
In 80 seconds. it will detonate
and kill everyone on Earth.
Christ. Yes. Go.
Move!
Just for quick reference...
I left some pizzas in the freezer.
You can take them if you want.
Thank you.
Now go!
Everyone must die someday.
What matters are the choices
that we make in our lifetime.
Killing someone will make a person
feel strong for a moment.
but I realized.
that the real power
is the choice not to kill.
Maybe being human is
is to choose love over murder.
But with love comes pain.
that I feel inside me.
I have to go home.
I hope that the further
I get away from them.
the less I will care about them.
I will finally have peace again.
Hi.
Will you drive me home?
That's some kind of balls!
Thank you for the season we spent together.
Power. DRIXER. Krauzerek. peciaq
To be read in the next one!
Our headquarters:.
facebook.com/ProHaven